Mta 1620 assess application (#777)
windup/windup-documentation: docs/topics/mta-web-assessing-apps.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> The following procedure uses a built-in questionnaire for assessing the risks involved in containerizing an application. Before reviewing the application, you should perform this procedure by default.

Reviewer: 1) Comment # 1
Replace this - 
The following procedure uses a built-in questionnaire for assessing the risks involved in containerizing an application.

With this -
A built-in questionnaire is provided for assessing the risks involved in containerizing an application. Custom questionnaires can also be used. 

2) Comment # 2
This statement needs to be removed since this doesn't hold good anymore .
Before reviewing the application, you should perform this procedure by default.

3) Is there a section on custom questionnaires ? If so, could you please point me to it ? I'm available on Slack/Google chat for discussions .

> The following procedure uses a built-in questionnaire for assessing the risks involved in containerizing an application. Before reviewing the application, you should perform this procedure by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A built-in questionnaire is provided for assessing the risks involved in containerizing an application. Custom questionnaires can also be used.
```

====

.Procedure

. Go to *Migration* view. 

> . Click *Application inventory* and select an application.

Author: Image replaced

[NOTE]
====

> The following procedure uses a built-in questionnaire for assessing the risks involved in containerizing an application. Before reviewing the application, you should perform this procedure by default. However, you might want to skip this step and use your own questionnaire instead. In that case, use the Skipping assessment option.

Reviewer: The skipping assessment option is obsolete in MTA 7.0.0 .

Also, this section needs to be removed. 
6.1.2. Skipping assessment of applications

Author: Done

The procedure described below uses a built-in questionnaire for assessing the risks involved in containerizing an application. By default, this procedure is required prior to reviewing the application. However, you might want to skip this step and use your own questionnaire instead. In that case, use the Skipping assessment option.
====

.Prerequisites

* Log in to a server running {ProductShortName}

.Procedure

[NOTE]
====
You can assess only one application at a time.
====

. In the {ProductShortName} user interface, select the *Migration* working mode.
. Click *Application Inventory* in the left menu bar. A list of all the available applications appears in the main pane. 
. Select an application from the list that appears in the main pane, click the Options menu {kebab} at the right end of the row, and select *Assess* from the drop-down menu.
+
// Get updated image for MTA
.MTA application inventory
image::mta-web-assessment-run-01.png[]
. *Assessment Action* appears in the main pane. Select one of the questionnaires and click *Take*.
. *Application assessment* appears in the main pane, showing a list of questions in the defined questionnaire.

> . Enter or select the desired answer to each question and click *Next*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Enter or select the required answer to each question and click *Next*.
```
Be careful `desired` is a Red Hat warning term

The procedure described below uses a built-in questionnaire for assessing the risks involved in containerizing an application. By default, this procedure is required prior to reviewing the application. However, you might want to skip this step and use your own questionnaire instead. In that case, use the Skipping assessment option.
====

.Prerequisites

> * Log into a server running {ProductShortName}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Log in to a server running {ProductShortName}
```

.Procedure

+
[NOTE]
====
You can assess only one application at a time.
====

// Get updated image for MTA
image::images/mta-assessment-run-01.png[MTA application inventory]

> . In the {ProductShortName} user interface, select the *Migration* working mode *.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the {ProductShortName} user interface, select the *Migration* working mode,
```

. Click *Application Inventory* in the left menu bar. A list of all the available applications appears in the main pane. 
. Select an application from the list that appears in the main pane, click the Options menu {kebab} at the right end of the row, and select *Assess* from the drop-down menu.
+
// Get updated image for MTA
image::images/mta-assessment-select-questionnaire-01.png[Assessment questionnaires]

. *Assessment Action* appears in the main pane. Select one of the questionnaires and click *Take*.
+
// Get updated image for MTA

> image::images/mta-assessment-questions-01.png[Assessment questionnaires]

Reviewer 2: Mis-formatted images
